Allow fetching elements by a11y name (#8762)
webdriverio/webdriverio: website/docs/Selectors.md

console.log(await parent.getTagName()) // outputs: "body"
```

## Accessibility Name Selector

> For querying elements based on their accessiblity name. The accessible name is part of what is announced by a screen reader when that element receives focus. The value of the accessible name can be both visual content or hidden text alternatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query elements by their accessible name. The accessible name is what is announced by a screen reader when that element receives focus. The value of the accessible name can be both visual content or hidden text alternatives.
```
